usr/bin/exfalso						    exfalso
usr/bin/mid3cp						    python3-mutagen
usr/bin/mid3iconv					    python3-mutagen
usr/bin/mid3v2						    python3-mutagen
usr/bin/moggsplit					    python3-mutagen
usr/bin/mutagen-inspect					    python3-mutagen
usr/bin/mutagen-pony					    python3-mutagen
usr/bin/operon						    exfalso
usr/bin/quodlibet					    quodlibet
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen-1.47.0.egg-info/PKG-INFO python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen-1.47.0.egg-info/dependency_links.txt python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen-1.47.0.egg-info/entry_points.txt python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen-1.47.0.egg-info/top_level.txt python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/__init__.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/_constants.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/_file.py		    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/_iff.py		    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/_riff.py		    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/_tags.py		    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/_tools/__init__.py    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/_tools/_util.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/_tools/mid3cp.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/_tools/mid3iconv.py   python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/_tools/mid3v2.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/_tools/moggsplit.py   python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/_tools/mutagen_inspect.py python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/_tools/mutagen_pony.py python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/_util.py		    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/_vorbis.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/aac.py		    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/ac3.py		    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/aiff.py		    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/apev2.py		    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/asf/__init__.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/asf/_attrs.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/asf/_objects.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/asf/_util.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/dsdiff.py		    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/dsf.py		    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/easyid3.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/easymp4.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/flac.py		    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/id3/__init__.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/id3/_file.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/id3/_frames.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/id3/_id3v1.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/id3/_specs.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/id3/_tags.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/id3/_util.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/m4a.py		    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/monkeysaudio.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/mp3/__init__.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/mp3/_util.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/mp4/__init__.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/mp4/_as_entry.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/mp4/_atom.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/mp4/_util.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/musepack.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/ogg.py		    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/oggflac.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/oggopus.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/oggspeex.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/oggtheora.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/oggvorbis.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/optimfrog.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/py.typed		    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/smf.py		    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/tak.py		    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/trueaudio.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/wave.py		    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/mutagen/wavpack.py	    python3-mutagen
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet-4.6.0.egg-info	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/__init__.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/_import.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/_init.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/_main.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/_base.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/albums/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/albums/main.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/albums/models.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/albums/prefs.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/collection/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/collection/main.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/collection/models.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/collection/prefs.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/covergrid/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/covergrid/main.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/covergrid/models.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/covergrid/prefs.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/covergrid/widgets.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/filesystem.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/iradio.py  exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/paned/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/paned/main.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/paned/models.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/paned/pane.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/paned/prefs.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/paned/util.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/playlists/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/playlists/main.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/playlists/menu.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/playlists/prefs.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/playlists/util.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/podcasts.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/soundcloud/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/soundcloud/api.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/soundcloud/library.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/soundcloud/main.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/soundcloud/query.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/soundcloud/util.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/browsers/tracks.py  exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/build.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/cli.py		    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/commands.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/config.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/const.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/errorreport/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/errorreport/faulthandling.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/errorreport/logdump.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/errorreport/main.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/errorreport/sentrywrapper.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/errorreport/ui.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/exfalso.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/__init__.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/_shared/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/_shared/squeezebox/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/_shared/squeezebox/base.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/_shared/squeezebox/server.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/_shared/squeezebox/util.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/covers/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/covers/artwork_url.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/covers/discogs.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/covers/lastfm.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/covers/musicbrainz.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/editing/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/editing/iconv.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/editing/kakasi.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/editing/resub.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/editing/titlecase.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/advanced_preferences.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/animosd/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/animosd/config.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/animosd/main.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/animosd/osdwindow.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/animosd/prefs.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/appinfo.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/auto_update_tags_in_files.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/automask.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/autorating.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/bansheeimport.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/clock.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/discord_status.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/equalizer.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/gajim_status.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/headphonemon.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/inhibit.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/iradiolog.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/jep118.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/language.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/listenbrainz/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/listenbrainz/listenbrainz.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/mediaserver.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/mpdserver/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/mpdserver/avahi.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/mpdserver/main.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/mpdserver/tcpserver.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/mpris/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/mpris/mpris2.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/mpris/util.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/mqtt.py  exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/musicbrainzsync.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/notify.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/notify_bookmarks.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/qlscrobbler.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/radioadmute.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/randomalbum.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/rbimport.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/screensaver.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/searchprovider.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/seekbar.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/seekpoints.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/squeezebox_sync.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/stop_on_pause.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/synchronize_to_device.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/synchronizedlyrics.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/telepathy_status.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/themeswitcher.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/thumbrating.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/toggle_menu.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/trayicon/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/trayicon/appindicator.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/trayicon/base.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/trayicon/menu.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/trayicon/prefs.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/trayicon/systemtray.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/trayicon/util.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/viewlyrics.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/visualisations.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/waveformseekbar.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/events/write_cover.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/gstreamer/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/gstreamer/compressor.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/gstreamer/crossfeed.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/gstreamer/karaoke.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/gstreamer/mono.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/gstreamer/pitch.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/playlist/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/playlist/export_to_folder.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/playlist/export_to_sonos.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/playlist/export_to_squeezebox.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/playlist/remove_duplicates.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/playlist/shuffle.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/playorder/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/playorder/follow.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/playorder/playcounteq.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/playorder/queue.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/playorder/reverse.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/playorder/shufflebygrouping.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/playorder/skip_disliked.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/playorder/track_repeat.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/query/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/query/conditional.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/query/missing.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/query/pythonexpression.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/query/savedsearch.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/query/unique.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/albumart.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/ape2id3.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/bookmarks.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/brainz/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/brainz/mb.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/brainz/query.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/brainz/util.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/brainz/widgets.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/console.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/cover_download.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/custom_commands.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/duplicates.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/editplaycount.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/embedded.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/exact_rating.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/filterall.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/filterbrowser.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/fingerprint/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/fingerprint/acoustid.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/fingerprint/analyze.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/fingerprint/search.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/fingerprint/submit.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/fingerprint/util.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/forcewrite.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/html.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/ifp.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/import_export_tags_and_track_user_data.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/lastfmsync.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/makesorttags.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/playlist.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/refresh.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/replaygain.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/splitting.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/tapbpm.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/website_search.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/ext/songsmenu/wikipedia.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/_apev2.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/_audio.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/_id3.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/_image.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/_misc.py    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/_serialize.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/aac.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/aiff.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/dsf.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/midi.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/mod.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/monkeysaudio.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/mp3.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/mp4.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/mpc.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/remote.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/spc.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/trueaudio.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/vgm.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/wav.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/wavpack.py  exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/wma.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/formats/xiph.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/128x128/apps/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/128x128/apps/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/128x128/status/quodlibet-missing-cover.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/16x16/apps/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/16x16/apps/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/16x16/status/quodlibet-missing-cover.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/24x24/apps/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/24x24/apps/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/24x24/status/quodlibet-missing-cover.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/256x256/apps/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/256x256/apps/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/256x256/status/quodlibet-missing-cover.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/32x32/apps/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/32x32/apps/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/32x32/status/quodlibet-missing-cover.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/48x48/apps/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/48x48/apps/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/48x48/status/quodlibet-missing-cover.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/64x64/apps/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/64x64/apps/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/64x64/status/quodlibet-missing-cover.png exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/scalable/apps/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso-symbolic.svg exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/scalable/apps/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso.svg exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/scalable/apps/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet-symbolic.svg exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/scalable/apps/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.svg exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/images/hicolor/scalable/status/quodlibet-missing-cover.svg exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/library/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/library/album.py    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/library/base.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/library/file.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/library/librarians.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/library/playlist.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/library/song.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/main.py		    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/mmkeys/__init__.py  exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/mmkeys/_base.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/mmkeys/gnome.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/mmkeys/keybinder.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/mmkeys/osx.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/mmkeys/winhook.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/operon/__init__.py  exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/operon/base.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/operon/commands.py  exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/operon/main.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/operon/util.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/order/__init__.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/order/reorder.py    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/order/repeat.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/base.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/breadcrumbs.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/conf/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/conf/defaults.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/conf/remote.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/context.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/events.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/exceptions.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/handlers/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/handlers/logbook.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/handlers/logging.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/middleware.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/processors.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/scripts/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/scripts/runner.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/transport/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/transport/base.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/transport/eventlet.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/transport/exceptions.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/transport/gevent.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/transport/http.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/transport/registry.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/transport/requests.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/transport/threaded.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/transport/threaded_requests.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/transport/tornado.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/transport/twisted.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/utils/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/utils/compat.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/utils/conf.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/utils/encoding.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/utils/http.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/utils/imports.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/utils/json.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/utils/serializer/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/utils/serializer/base.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/utils/serializer/manager.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/utils/ssl_match_hostname.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/utils/stacks.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/utils/testutils.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/utils/transaction.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/utils/urlparse.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/utils/wsgi.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/raven/versioning.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/senf/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/senf/_argv.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/senf/_compat.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/senf/_environ.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/senf/_fsnative.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/senf/_print.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/senf/_stdlib.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/senf/_temp.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/senf/_winansi.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/packages/senf/_winapi.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/pattern/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/pattern/_pattern.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/player/__init__.py  exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/player/_base.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/player/gstbe/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/player/gstbe/player.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/player/gstbe/plugins.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/player/gstbe/prefs.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/player/gstbe/util.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/player/nullbe.py    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/player/xinebe/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/player/xinebe/cdefs.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/player/xinebe/player.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/plugins/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/plugins/cover.py    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/plugins/editing.py  exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/plugins/events.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/plugins/gstelement.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/plugins/gui.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/plugins/playlist.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/plugins/playorder.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/plugins/query.py    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/plugins/songshelpers.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/plugins/songsmenu.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/__init__.py    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/_editutils.py  exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/about.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/appwindow.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/bookmarks.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/browser.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/cbes.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/ccb.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/chooser.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/color.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/completion.py  exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/controls.py    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/cover.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/data_editors.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/dbus_.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/delete.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/download.py    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/edittags.py    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/entry.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/exfalsowindow.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/filesel.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/getstring.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/icons.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/image.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/info.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/information.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/lyrics.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/maskedbox.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/matchdialog.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/menubutton.py  exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/models.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/msg.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/notif.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/paned.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/playorder.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/pluginwin.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/prefs.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/properties.py  exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/queue.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/quodlibetwindow.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/ratingsmenu.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/renamefiles.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/scanbox.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/searchbar.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/seekbutton.py  exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/shortcuts.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/showfiles.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/songlist.py    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/songlistcolumns.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/songmodel.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/songsmenu.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/tagscombobox.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/tagsfrompath.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/textedit.py    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/tracker.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/tracknumbers.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/unity.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/util.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/views.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/window.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/wlw.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/qltk/x.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/query/__init__.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/query/_match.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/query/_parser.py    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/query/_query.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/remote.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/session/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/session/_base.py    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/session/_xsmp.py    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/session/gnome.py    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/session/xfce.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/session/xsmp.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/unisearch/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/unisearch/db.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/unisearch/parser.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/update.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/__init__.py    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/atomic.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/collection.py  exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/collections.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/config.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/copool.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/cover/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/cover/built_in.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/cover/http.py  exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/cover/manager.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/dbusutils.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/dprint.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/enum.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/environment.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/fifo.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/http.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/i18n.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/importhelper.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/iso639.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/json_data.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/library.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/logging.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/massagers.py   exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/matcher.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/misc.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/modulescanner.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/path.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/picklehelper.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/songwrapper.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/string/__init__.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/string/date.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/string/filter.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/string/splitters.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/string/titlecase.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/tags.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/tagsfrompath.py exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/thread.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/thumbnails.py  exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/trash.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/urllib.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/winapi.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/windows.py	    exfalso
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/quodlibet/util/winpipe.py	    exfalso
usr/share/appdata/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso.appdata.xml   exfalso
usr/share/appdata/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.appdata.xml quodlibet
usr/share/applications/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso.desktop  exfalso
usr/share/applications/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.desktop quodlibet
usr/share/dbus-1/services/net.sacredchao.QuodLibet.service  quodlibet
usr/share/doc/exfalso/NEWS.rst.gz			    exfalso
usr/share/doc/exfalso/README.rst			    exfalso
usr/share/doc/exfalso/changelog.Debian.gz		    exfalso
usr/share/doc/exfalso/changelog.gz			    exfalso
usr/share/doc/exfalso/copyright				    exfalso
usr/share/doc/python3-mutagen/README.Debian		    python3-mutagen
usr/share/doc/python3-mutagen/changelog.Debian.gz	    python3-mutagen
usr/share/doc/python3-mutagen/changelog.gz		    python3-mutagen
usr/share/doc/python3-mutagen/copyright			    python3-mutagen
usr/share/doc/quodlibet/NEWS.rst.gz			    quodlibet
usr/share/doc/quodlibet/README.rst			    quodlibet
usr/share/doc/quodlibet/changelog.Debian.gz		    quodlibet
usr/share/doc/quodlibet/changelog.gz			    quodlibet
usr/share/doc/quodlibet/copyright			    quodlibet
usr/share/gnome-shell/search-providers/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet-search-provider.ini quodlibet
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso.png exfalso
usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.png quodlibet
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso.png exfalso
usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.png quodlibet
usr/share/icons/hicolor/24x24/apps/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso.png exfalso
usr/share/icons/hicolor/24x24/apps/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.png quodlibet
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso.png exfalso
usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.png quodlibet
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso.png exfalso
usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.png quodlibet
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso.png exfalso
usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.png quodlibet
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso.png exfalso
usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.png quodlibet
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso-symbolic.svg exfalso
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso.svg exfalso
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet-symbolic.svg quodlibet
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.svg quodlibet
usr/share/locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/en_CA/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/gl/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/he/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/id/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/ko/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/lv/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/nb/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/sk/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/sr_RS/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/sr_RS@latin/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo	    exfalso
usr/share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/uk/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/quodlibet.mo		    exfalso
usr/share/man/man1/exfalso.1.gz				    exfalso
usr/share/man/man1/mid3cp.1.gz				    python3-mutagen
usr/share/man/man1/mid3iconv.1.gz			    python3-mutagen
usr/share/man/man1/mid3v2.1.gz				    python3-mutagen
usr/share/man/man1/moggsplit.1.gz			    python3-mutagen
usr/share/man/man1/mutagen-inspect.1.gz			    python3-mutagen
usr/share/man/man1/mutagen-pony.1.gz			    python3-mutagen
usr/share/man/man1/operon.1.gz				    exfalso
usr/share/man/man1/quodlibet.1.gz			    quodlibet
usr/share/menu/exfalso					    exfalso
usr/share/menu/quodlibet				    quodlibet
usr/share/zsh/site-functions/_quodlibet			    quodlibet
